Description on how the ATM (Automatic Teller Machine) should work:

MAIN MENU:
1. Create Account

2. Checkin
    SUB MENU:
    1. Account Detail
    2. Deposit
    3. Withdraw
    4. Update pin
    5. Check Statement
    6. Logout

3. Exit


Once the program is started, take the input from the user what he wants to do. Above are the menu.
1. Create Account:

    Take the input of the user:
        name
        deposit amount (this should be more than 50)
        pin_code (should be 4 digit)

    Auto generate for the user:
        id (should be 10 digits unique),
        username (concatenate the name with any randomly generated number, remember it should be unique)
        status (should be ACTIVE) initially
        currency (should be PKR)
        statement (add a transaction of deposit in the array)
    Go to the newly created or already existing users.txt and save in the form of dictionary. Examples are already shared
2. Checkin:
    Should ask for the account number or username
        If account number or username doesnot exists, show the message of user not found
    Should ask for pincode:
        3 times, if in correct update the users.txt and mark the user as BLOCKED
    1. Account detail:
        If the user is logged in, and wants to see his detail:
        Go to the sub-menu and
            Show his name, username, status, balance amount with currency
    2. Deposit:
        Ask for amount, update in the selected users.txt in balance_amount as well as pass an entry in the statement
        Amount should not be less than 50
        Go to the sub-menu and show the balance amount
    3. Withdraw:
        Apply 1% tax on the input amount and,
        Check if the input amount + tax is not greater than amount balance
        If not create and entry and deduct the amount from the balance
        Go to the sub-menu and show the balance amount
        Blocked user cannot withdraw unless status is ACTIVE again
    4. Update pin:
        If selected, ask for the previous pin and if correctly passed than update in the user.txt
        Go to the sub-menu
    5. Check statement:
        Create a username_statement.txt file and pass every entry from the statement in separate line
        Go to the sub-menu
    6. Logout the user to the main menu
3. Terminate the program